docs: add note about env file (#103)
AlreadyBored/nodejs-assignments: assignments/crud-api/assignment.md

3. Requests to non-existing endpoints (e.g. `some-non/existing/resource`) should be handled (server should answer with `status code` **404** and corresponding human-friendly message)
4. Errors on the server side that occur during the processing of a request should be handled and processed correctly (server should answer with `status code` **500** and corresponding human-friendly message)
5. Value of `port` on which application is running should be stored in `.env` file

> - **Important:** The `.env` file itself should not be committed to the repository as it is considered a security bad practice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Important:** The `.env` file itself should not be committed to the repository as it is considered a security bad practice. Please consider to add `.env` file in `.gitignore`.
```

>   - Instead, create and commit `.env.example` file that contains a list of required environment variables without their values
>   - Example of `.env.example` contents:
> 
>     ```
>     PORT=
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Instead, create and commit `.env.example` file that contains a list of required environment variables with reasonable default values
  - Example of `.env.example` contents:

    ```
    PORT=4000
    ```
```
